Hello, I'm Lena Kuletskaya
i am the face of the fashion week project in
mega this season is back in fashion
floral print you will certainly find
clothes with this pattern in shopping
centers mega I'm sure in the wardrobe
every girl has these jeans
ripped shorts
if you complement their gentle flowing
Blouse floral pattern your image here
it will be easy
summer and feminine or less or
fear to combine such a light flying
blouse with a large bag on the belt
for example brown color then
get very natural and complete
set of massive sandals on
wedge heels
See how well the jeans fit.
shorts and silk blouse except
classic flowered blouses you
you will surely find things in stores
But with such a floral print is enough
extravagant but don't be afraid of them
pass by surely try on
for example with a voluminous lemon jacket
colors so bravely put on
platform shoes
to highlight and her three ship such
sophisticated floral print on trousers
other things should be monotonous and
simple in stores you will find a large
number of trousers pajama style to their
light texture
fit a simple white silk blouse
but in order that this image was not
too home it is absolutely necessary
accessorize
and how to choose the right color accessories
for this you need to look at your pattern
trousers and choose one of the shades for example
deep chocolate like this case
so here we add the same
brown color beads and concise
the class
the suede texture of the bag will be great
look with shoes from the same
of the material
floral print is always relevant and
casual and business and elegant
image especially in summer